Happy New Year to you all. Ohh
thank you. You too. I haven't
spoken to or seen you guys. I've
talked to Justin.
Times Now.
You were waiting on her. You.
More people.
Everyone except it. Except for
Laurie, so we'll give him a
second.
Lori's not going to be joining
us. Yeah, I figured as much. She
didn't accept so.
We're still missing Carla.
Carla. Yeah. So give her a
second.
This. I think she's the only one
we're missing. Ohh. OK, well, I
know she's planning on joining
us. I talked to her earlier.
Yeah, OK good deal.
Just a second. Maybe she's
running back.
At this point.
Yeah, what's your name?
There she is.
Gosh, apparently my mic's not on
either. I was on the phone call
with her collection agency when
I said yeah, alright.
And the gangs all here, um,
guess we will go ahead and get
started. So this meeting was
pretty much called because now
we have a developer Justin
assigned to the invoice
automation project and he and I
met briefly he had a couple of
questions. Initially our
conversations as a team to
develop the requirements was
extremely high level and so now
in order for him to.
Start doing the development
work. He needs a little more
detail, so he asked that we all
get together really define the
project scope. He had a few
questions about that. For
instance, as I included in the
meeting notice, he asked me
whether or not we want to
automate all of the invoices
that are coming through, or if
we're really just focusing on
fabric sample orders, which is
what the invoice automation
requirements document addresses.
And then he also would like to
get a good demo of the current.
Invoice process really trying to
understand the current state so
that then we can push forward
towards that future state. So he
asked them questions like how
was the normal order invoiced,
when is the invoice created? And
then you know what really needs
to fully happen in order to
create that invoice. So I think
maybe Justin, would you like to
start with the current state
demo?
Or do you wanna start talk about
project scope? What works best?
I will start with the demo just
to see if maybe that drives some
additional questions for you.
That is what I would suggest.
OK. Or rather a discussion, I'm
not really sure if you there's
much you guys can demo like all
the way through. But if you can
kind of walk us through in him
and and as much detail as
possible showing the screens
that you have available to you
and any samples of anything that
you currently have like invoices
etcetera of what the process is
for an invoice once it's
received and then how it walks
through?
I'll jump in real quick just to
kind of maybe define some of
this before we show you demo.
I know that the scope is
currently written up for the
fabric samples and that for sure
needs to happen.
The only other thing that I'm
aware of that we might could
automate at this time and I say
automating that I'm seeing this
loosely. The one thing we don't
do that I know syspro is capable
of doing is doing batch
invoicing which would we have
two types of invoices that kind
of come through for normal
order, say outside of fabric
orders and they entail some of
those have money on the order
that has to be applied and some
have terms with like a factor.
Bank or whatever that doesn't
have money on it and those can
just simply be invoiced out and
go to the right. We have EDI and
automation that takes those to
the right places overnight if
that makes sense. So I think we
could batch invoice the ones
that do not have money on them.
I think Ben has so much told us
that we could do that in the
past and so we were kind of
waiting for six through 8 to see
if that was even capability. So
that's the additional that I
would add in that we could do
that would help us.
About, but the any orders that
come through that have money
that need to be applied like
deposits on them, I don't know
if we can automate those. Those
a there's some issues right now
with the the money. So at this
moment I would say let's hold
off on those. But also maybe
it's something that we could
look at going forward. I just
don't know what that would
entail. That's where we would
need IT's input for sure because
I don't even know how I can't
wrap my brain around that. So I
just want to go ahead and put
that out there because.
If we're able to show you how we
invoice out, you'll we'll have
to show you the two types or or
even the fabric samples. You
know what does that look like
because they are two totally
different processes and so if
you'll see that the ones that
don't have money or deposit on
them that could be batched,
invoiced, then we would
definitely like to add that in
somewhere, whether it's on this
particular scope or if it's a
totally different ticket
project. Either way, any
thoughts on that?
Does that make sense? I've
already, I've already been in
discussion with Ben. Uh, on a
technical side. Yes we can.
Basically we can invoice
everything but not move over
payment or a deposit if there is
there. So that's something um.
Now the issue is how do we
allocate the the deposit to the
invoice if there is one. So that
definitely puts into the
condition of how this automation
can or what it could potentially
invoice.
It would have we, I would have
to do some research on my side
if there's a way that we could
move that deposit money to an
invoice, but I cannot guarantee
you anything right now because I
wouldn't know. The only thing I
would just throw in there then
is if you're looking to automate
everything and then say there's
a time frame where we would have
to manually move that money
over, that's going to be really
involved on our side. It is
actually easier.
Deposit on that invoice rather
than having to go through
another area and have to move it
off because that then we're
looking at like 3 or 4 steps to
do the one step that we
currently do in the invoicing
process. If and we can kind of
show you what that means because
it's it's kind of weird. So. So
let me make sure I understand
what you just said. It's easier
for you to move that deposit
money over to an invoice.
Through the the current process,
it is why we're in dispatch now
while we're in dispatch notes
because it's it will prompt us
to or we click a button
basically and then it prompts us
to move that money over. Whereas
the other way we have to go in.
I'm thinking and Ellen, correct
me if I'm wrong, it's almost
like we would have to go into
deposit liability account, we'd
have to write off that amount,
we'd have to post it then to the
customer account and all that's
real manual and you have to make
sure, yeah.
That you when you get into that
manual, obviously we could post
the wrong things that that sort
of thing. I don't know. So what
I understand is basically
long-term, yes, we would like to
have all invoice and automate
it, but at this moment not
anything, not any invoice with
money on it until we get that
worked out because it's like she
said, it is easier to apply the
money from dispatch notes in the
moment of invoicing versus going
back. Totally agree one.
The other thing to keep in mind,
I'm sorry, just I didn't mean to
throw you off, just to give you
more information of what I've
been in talks with Ben like
that. That's the thing I would
have to figure out. I could
probably automate how to move
that money over so that Syspro
doesn't throw any issues with
it. It's just I don't know how
to do that right now, so I can't
promise you anything. Not not a
big deal. Definitely invoicing a
dispatch note we can do.
So the question is 1 invoice
everything without a deposit,
invoice only fabric sample
orders that that's kind of goes
into the question of scope what
to do with. Yeah, I would say
for sure the fabric samples that
will continue with that and then
if our choice is only to.
Invoice everything else.
Like you're saying or none, like
all or none, then we would say
none on the other. For now. If
it's where you could segregate
the hey, we've got these that
have money on them and the ones
that don't. And we could batch
invoice because right now we
actually invoice out SAT's
through a tool in syspro that
was built. And I was kind of in
my brain, I guess, thinking that
we would mimic that tool maybe
to be able to.
Um.
I don't know, probably not. But
I was thinking maybe that
something in that would allow
you to then mimic and be able to
take the ones that don't have
money on them and run that kind
of automation and it look for
whatever in the coding to say
hey we could go ahead and
invoice these out and it's a
click of a button type deal. But
then again I could be incorrect
because ET start with a 100 dash
whereas these others all are
mixed bag of 200-220 according
to the branch.
So I just don't know what it
looks for when it invoices out
that. So just so that you know
will not be considered in the
invoicing automation. Yeah, they
already have kind of a deal
where they're easy enough. I
don't think that we'll be
needing anything there.
So the last time we met um and
when we first started talking
about this, it was we wanted the
marketing orders to be able to
be invoiced, but those aren't
put into dispatch notes. Has
that changed since our last,
since the last meeting I was
involved in, not that I
understand. So there's they
still not in dispatch notes.
OK. So that was part kind of
part of it, right, Stephanie?
Yeah, trying to get that part so
that it would show up and then
allow the kind of flow through.
Yeah, OK, just just making sure
I'm up to speed.
And I also will throw out there
that there are some of those
marketing invoices that have
money on them.
Not many, but some.
That I have to do take payments
now.
OK.
Interesting. Didn't know. Some
people pay for them and some
people don't.
Have to meet a certain criteria
through sales to whether they're
charged for them or not that
you're correct. OK.
Suggesting other thing on. Does
that kind of give you a little
information? Let me ask what
what denotes a fabric sample
order or marketing order? What
what does that look like in
syspro?
The the order terms, the AR
terms, uh, right. Well, the
warehouse is marketing. The
warehouse. Yeah, usually they're
well, it just depends if the
majority of them would be an AR.
Charge.
Is that what you're asking? The
R term that would be on the
order.
Ohh, so if I were to go into
Syspro right now and try to look
for a marketing sample order,
what what would I be looking
for?
They don't typically show up on
my reports because I can touch
on. So I don't know. I can give
you an order number to pull up
and you can look at it.
Um, well, I think he's asking
how would you know show your
screen Trish and that might so
that all of us can see it and
then.
Because we need to figure out if
this is getting just and what he
needs, he's not going to be
going through the same module
that we would to be able to see
him. So I had just run my report
to approve orders, OK? It's
gonna be a marketing warehouse.
So all of these are marketing
except for this one.
Because of the terms, right?
Yeah, two term so.
What open orders review? Where,
where do you get that report?
It's one of our SQL reports.
Yeah, I wanna say it's under
operations. Is it? Let me look
and see.
Get over to my sequel reports.
Well, it's in my favorites, so
let's see what's it under? It's
under operations.
Options, Open orders, review,
yeah.
Um.
And so I just pull it into this
format.
And SV, yeah and these are the
ones that I have to go put a
credit approval date on and and
they're, they're all marketing
except for this one that has the
warehouse as the main warehouse
and like Carla said it's an RMA.
But it can be, it can be
invoice, you know, once it's
ready automatically, because
there's no money to take.
But it still has to be a
fulfill. It still has to be
fulfilled, right? Right. Yeah.
Like once it's ready to ship.
OK. So Justin, you need to know
what makes this. It looks like
it's the marketing warehouse
MKTO.
Terms could be MM or MI mean, I
don't know that the term. They
could be several things and if
they owe money on it, it could
be even a term we use on regular
orders, but that's going to be a
handful like Ellen said. Is
there something else you're
looking forward to tag kind of
in your coding how to find these
or?
Right, so I I can go look into
that report to see how it works
and if we are only invoicing
orders.
Or.
Let's pause. There's a lot of
facets to this. So you talked
about how marketing, uh, fabric
sample orders don't get into
dispatch notes.
Correct. And that's something
that we want to do.
Yeah, that's a a facet.
Mm-hmm. Yeah, because right now
Gwen brings me all their pick
tickets and I invoice from that
pick ticket.
That's what kicks Ellen off to
knows she can invoice it is the
actual physical. Here's a pic
ticket so.
I don't. I don't know if this
gets into the realm of something
y'all don't know the pick ticket
comes from datascope, correct?
Think so. So.
Interesting. Datascope does not.
Does that just go not speak to
syspro? Is that how a dispatch
note normally is created? If it
is been dispatched from data
scope, it immediately creates a
dispatching note in Syspro.
That's something I can look into
why a fabric sample order
doesn't come in as a dispatch
note, and that could kinda
answer a lot of questions.
They might not have that
capability like they do in the
back when we're shipping regular
orders.
Well, the other thing I think
maybe and I hope I don't
confuses, but Ellen, when you
receive those tickets from do
you have to take the information
that will stick your information
she's given you. Then you
manually enter the pro number
and the carrier. OK, so that too
is part of this wanting that
information to be added to the.
The order automatically. And I
wonder if in that somehow that
there's something that toggles
or triggers that to come over
from datascope. Does that make
sense to us? And I don't know.
I'm probably confusing you more
here, but I don't know off the
hand exactly what you're talking
about, but I've seen some
information and definitely in in
whatever this turns out to be,
we can make sure that happens
for these fabric sample orders.
But I feel like somewhere last
year it's Stephanie may know she
might have been involved in it,
that they were able to get some
of this carrier information to
automatically pull to regular
orders.
But again, that might have been
through mode. You're starting to
get into. You know, who do we
use for these carriers? Yeah. So
when you say it's multifaceted,
yes, it is. It's crazy. Miss
Ellen, I thought they started
trying to enter that information
on the marketing orders, did
they not?
Ohh God Ellen, still doing it
for nail. It's it's really.
It's OK.
Yeah.
OK, what else? Before we get too
far off, what uh, what
information comes off this pick
ticket that needs to be on this
dispatch note?
Well, it would be the carrier
like FedEx and most most of them
are FedEx. Some of them go
through the mail and some of
them UPS, but mostly FedEx and
then that FedEx tracking number.
Those are the two things that I
that I enter.
You know, so that if we look
back at the order, we'll have
that information.
The this information goes on to
the invoice within syspro.
It does.
Yes, she actually goes into the
sales order and manually types
it and then when from the sales
order is converted to the
invoice then it's on there.
Yeah, those are, yeah, those are
invoice directly from the sales
order versus you know, since
they're not in dispatch note. So
we entered that information and
then invoice it from there.
Because it's not showing up in
your queue to be invoiced yet
again, the physical paper is
what's kicking that invoicing
process off for them currently.
OK.
So it seems like that
information needs to be entered
first and then if Gwen had
access to go in and toggle or do
whatever it is they do to have
the order go.
From being an order to being put
into dispatch notes.
Seems like the logical Helen ask
answer me this when you receive
those pick tickets from Lynn,
what status is that order in at
that point? Is it a four? OK, so
that might be important to you
to know that that status is
going to be a status for to know
it's ready to go maybe.
Anything else Gwen has to put on
the order other than put in a
status for spring the pick
tickets and then we have to
manually enter that carrier and
the tracking information so that
it then can be it will be
included on the invoice because
it comes from that sales order
so.
Don't know if that helps or
hinders no stop me if I'm asking
stupid questions.
Yeah, the ohh, we are trying to
smooth this all out, trying to
figure out the requirements that
will make all your lives a lot
easier and yeah.
Definitely.
Um.
Anything else you can think of,
I know you don't know what you
don't know, but that's what I'm
trying to think of some things
as well, right. So on
specifically marketing orders so
far I got your report that you
know how to denote whether order
is marketing or not. I'll use
that to try to glean some
information off to make sure
that's included into the this
automation that.
I'm working on, um, something to
follow up is whether or not
these marketing orders are
actually being, uh, getting a
dispatch note created, and if
it's not, see what we need to
do, if anything, to get that
dispatch note created, correct?
True, yes.
Then.
Well, I can tell you they're not
in dispatch notes now. We're the
ones being created, and it's not
going to dispatch nodes.
I don't know. There's definitely
something that has to toggle. In
other words, from, I guess Gwen
sod or whoever. I assume there's
no one between Gwen and Ellen at
that point when it's ready to
go. So yeah, so that's what
Justin's going to try to figure
out, is what kicks off that
part. Or or we need to figure it
out for him or whatever. Just
let us know how we can help
Justin. I don't know. I can. I
can go back there and ask
questions if I need.
Let let me do some digging on my
side of the technical side to
see if there's some setting that
we need to flip to start getting
these dispatch notes created,
because I think that will make
all of our lives easier. If
everything has a dispatch note
and then all we have to do is
invoice the dispatch note, yes,
perfect. And then we fall back
to invoicing dispatch notes
based off.
If it has a deposit or if it
doesn't have a deposit and then
laying out if it does have a
deposit.
There is a process to carry that
information, that money over to
the invoice and we can go from
there, perfect. But even if it
even, you know, if we if we can
just get it in dispatch notes,
it would be wonderful whether
there was a way to group them
together or whatever. Just
having them in dispatch notes,
at least they would be getting
invoiced every day, which I'm
not getting them done every day.
Right there. They're in our
face.
They their front center, so yeah
having to dig for them. So just
we two things comes to mind as
far as getting you more
information about the process of
the invoicing. I do believe
somewhere we have notes that we
can definitely get you, but I do
think there's value and you're
seeing the process as well. So
we could have if Trish could
walk us through that since she's
got her screen kind of.
Open. And don't let me, if
you've got other questions jump
in. I was just going to say, I
do believe we've got some kind
of written instructions as well
as as far as the invoicing
process that we could get that
to you that correlates with what
she'll be showing you if that
helps. Yeah, that would be
great. OK, perfect.
Give me one second.
And not to put pressure on
nutrition, but do you have those
notes? Because I think you're
the one that's provided all of
us with them. When Miss Allen
first showed me how to invoice,
I took.
What do you call it? Um?
Not really to have them. Not
real notes, but I took notes to
where I understood it. And then
when we had to train other
people, then we started doing
better notes. So yeah, we have
the notes somewhere based off of
the initial scribble scratch
that I did. Yeah, we'll review
those and we're going just to
make sure nothing's changed and
and just clarify, I don't mind
looking at that to. OK. So I
need to make sure you guys are
seeing my correct screen. Hold
on, let me make sure, let me
make a note.
2.
So that I can include them in
the document.
That'll be helpful.
Let me make a note that it will
make uh knowing how to move
payments over if that's
documented. Um, from the sales
order to an invoice.
There's a we can do that.
There's a lot of but if this but
if that so that's OK we can
define it. We can define it
though. So Trish and I can work
on that together just making
sure that our notes are pretty
clear on that. All the different
scenarios we could think of when
it comes to the payments now and
just to just to clarify you're
saying like when we're going
through dispatch or what would
it take outside of dispatch
notes to move money from?
A customers account too. So
right now I know that Syspro has
a way to invoice the dispatch
note with a deposit on, but
programmatically it doesn't
doesn't work the way we want it
to. I don't know the specifics
of well even during our testing
is just for a deposit, the
deposit module was always the
issue for accounting.
A lot of that says for weight
stuff because it kept
calculating just craziness,
weirdness. So I I believe you
when you say that. OK, so from
what I understand is like.
The creating an invoice from a
dispatch note with no deposit on
it. That works and that can
definitely be automated. Um, the
question is.
The process of how to move that
money off the sales order to
that customer account and then
from that customer account to
the invoice.
It's multiple steps
programmatically to do and.
The question is, is can we do
that without any issues
successfully and accurately all
the time? So.
OK.
Some fun times for can you see
my dispatch note screen? I can
see it, yes, yes. OK, so let me
start the process.
Miss Allen, do we have stuff in
there? I hadn't been in there
today.
Yeah, we are.
Fiat.
I don't know if there's anymore
in there or not. I hope so.
Yeah, there's too. I might take
payments.
I need to ask the other ones to
not invoice um for a little bit
because I have to, I have to go
in and do some invoicing and
record it for Ben, um, for those
issues we were having. Before
you do that, will you go up the
options and show all and make
sure that's everything and then
we'll see if there's any that
have no money as well. OK, so,
so the ones in red, I don't know
how familiar you are with
dispatch notes, Justin, but the
ones in red or West Coast?
The orders that we can invoice
because they're not ready, um,
so out of all of these is still
only these two and they both say
they have money on it.
Umm.
So you open up the dispatch.
We'll go back. Go back because
Justin doesn't know this screen.
Tell him what tells you it has
money or doesn't have money on
it.
Yeah I I know more or less the
back end. I have no clue what.
Ohh OK you look he doesn't say
the user friendly he gets the
the complicated side. I get yeah
I get the complicated side I
don't I don't see this so I
can't. I'm not gonna be as
quick. So my apologies. OK. So
first we can't do the West Coast
DC orders which are all red.
They're not ready to invoice.
They're they're in the process
of shipping to the West Coast DC
but and they're satisfied.
Once it turns to a status 7 then
we can invoice it and then if
you look to the left it tells
you the why means there's money
on the order.
So Carrier has to be something
other than WCDC and thankfully
they've got these color-coded
for us so that our little eyes
don't have to skim around. So
red like she said yes is no go
yet. But when it turns white in
the carrier column, which is
that second column of this
spreadsheet looking cute, those
are good to invoice out
typically. And then she says on
the counter sales deposit, which
is that first column.
We also have a color coding
going on in that area where it's
a blue if there's money with a Y
and if it's blank, I guess,
right? And that's why then
there's no money on that order
to be right. And I think
sometimes it even has an end for
no.
And then for no payment, I can't
being that. Yeah, when we have
to slow down, we can't remember.
We're like, yeah, we're working
like little machines over here.
We're kind of automated too, but
it will be, it will be white,
like Carla said, and it'll
either have it in or or nothing,
but it's white and we'll be able
to invoice it with no money on
it. And it does have to be.
Status. Yeah, for it to be ready
to invoice.
OK.
Um.
Ellen correct clarify the status
7 means. What does that tell us
when it changes from 5 to 7?
Does that mean carrier
information is on that? Well,
that means it's like she said,
it just means it's ready to
invoice. There's there's nothing
else going to be done to it
until we invoice. It means
they're still working on the
details on that order. The
carrier has not been entered
yet, OK?
Right. And I I'm not all
familiar with what they have to
do in the background to change
it from 1-1 status to another.
Um, I just know that when it's
seven, then it's ready and it
may be like, y'all said,
entering.
Because I don't know what they
do to initially push it into
dispatch news. I want to learn.
I want to learn that whole
process just to understand it.
Like how many steps they have. I
don't even know who they. Who's
they? I don't know.
I really don't. But you know,
I'm not. I'm not to go off on a
too far of a tangent, but I know
it's it's a interaction between
data scope and syspro. Once it's
been fully dispatched, it sends
it over to Syspro and Syspro
picks it up and creates the
dispatch note and puts it in
that status 7. And that's to do
with when they put it on the
truck and they scan it in and.
All that perfect. Yeah. OK good.
So to give a little background,
I've already worked on a project
to move freight and surcharges
over to dispatch notes. I'm, I'm
I'm sure you have a little
understanding of that. Talk
about where we last year we were
splitting off the calculation
and it was calculating in the
system for us. OK. Yes I did
that work well. Thank you,
Justin.
Thank you. I love trying out the
stuff for that, but definitely I
understand a little bit of the
dispatch. Perfect. Yeah. All
right. So.
Let me just make sure again that
all are showing and it is um,
so.
Since these are sevens, I'm just
gonna open it up to to invoice
it, and I click enter and it
tells me you know again status 7
ready to invoice and it's paid.
So we know again that there's
money on it and so all we have
to do is click in dispatch, make
sure that.
That field name for the paid
column.
Invoice terms invoice terms,
invoice terms OK.
Yeah, the invoice terms will
typically tell you if there's
money was supposed to be
collected or not. It if it has,
if it's a B time that means
there is a deposit. I don't know
those are typically show up for
us to invoice that they do from
time to time if they ship them
anyways. But it'd be important
for you to have all those terms
of what is what so be and PSP
there's a ton of them. And
Justin I could work on getting
you maybe a list of kind of
terms you might see.
There's money on the order as
well, if that's important,
definitely. And then all the
terms where there's no money on
the order, Carla, right? Well,
that's everything. That's about
50 or so.
Yeah, um, OK. So I click in
dispatch, make sure that um the
document to print, make sure
that invoice is checked and that
it's the optio syspro printer.
And as long as that's correct, I
know there's money on this
order, so I click take payment.
And entered the bank.
And then it says there are
deposits. Do you wish to view
the deposit? Yes, I do. So it
here's, here's 2 deposits
because we take a deposit and
then the balance due.
So.
If you move this and look down
here where it tells me the
deposit on file and then the
invoice, I always make sure that
that matches because if it
doesn't then I'll have to do
something differently. But.
All you have to do is highlight
your deposit. Click apply.
Click save.
And then we know we need to
apply the other one as well.
Click apply, click save and it
asks you if payment is complete,
and it is so.
Yeah, that's OK. Keep going.
You've got another one. We'll
slow down a little bit because
there's fields that change that
he may need to see that date and
all that. That's OK. Go ahead.
I could probably review this
recording and we we don't, we
don't have to go super slow.
Yeah, so these, these fields do
change.
So I did yes, it was complete.
And then we print it, reprint
this invoice no.
So then we go back.
And it is now invoiced, it is
now invoice and it should show
up. It's gonna show up on the
customer's account under their
invoice tab on customer query
and because you applied the
payment, it'll show it as a 0
balance invoice payment wasn't
applied, it would show.
So until we physically move the
money, but typically when we see
that Justin if they're if we
always go out to the customer's
account right now. And I would
know there was an issue if it
showed a DML being that she went
through all the proper steps of
applying the money. But
typically if that happens, the
order still in an open status
and the money is what we call
stuck on the order and we would
then have to refund it off the
order then go into a different.
Module called payments and
adjustments on the AR side and
then apply the money there. In
the world that you're talking
about, I would think that once
it's invoiced out, it's going to
complete and if it completes
without money being transferred
off the order, that's a whole
nother set of steps to try to.
Find the money from deposit
liability, move it over. It's
multi step and that's why I said
it would be kind of weird for
us, but it we could talk through
that what that would look like
if we were to look at automating
everything, even stuff with
money and having to physically
move that over so.
OK probably lost you there but
TMI, I know I what so you're
saying that sometimes during
this process the money doesn't
get moved over to the invoice,
some glitches and says Bro, Ohh
good there's no glitches. You
know that never happens. But
yeah there's a glitch and for
whatever reason the money will
stay on. The order is as if it
doesn't take it. And again this
could be user error, this could
be us if we're.
Rocking and rolling. Maybe
something we didn't click and we
just didn't realize it. Or it
could be that yes, we should be
some opportunity and stuff.
210 Umm customers for contract,
they have a term that's CT which
their AR term CT means they pay
a 50% deposit and they get in
that 30 on the balance. So when
you're invoicing if you don't
know those customers so so once
once they pay a deposit and the
deposit is posted to their
order, they're terms on that
order changed to A3 for net 30.
So when it shows up in dispatch
node, it shows up as.
Net 30 terms and anybody
logically would think that 30
terms, there's no money, right,
because they get 30 days to pay.
So if you don't, if you don't
catch that and realize that that
customer has a deposit on the
order, then sometimes those get
invoice and the money's not
applied. But again, that would
mean that the order would stay
open. The money should still be
sitting there. It really
shouldn't have gone into a
complete status where we can't
maintain the order anymore. It
would still be open for us to
maintain.
Yes, but there are times that
I'm saying that there's a glitch
she thing where the order is
complete but the money did not
transfer over. And that's
typically when I have to go in
and look and deposit liability,
see if the money's there, ride
it through, ride it off that GL
in the background through yeah,
process and Ellen could tell you
even more. There's just multiple
steps that you have to do to
make sure that the that cash
books correct the GL for a
deposit liabilities.
Correct. And the customer
accounts correct in all those
steps. We had several of those
on the 19th that we talked
about. And again Justin, I'm not
sure what kicks that off. It's
when we find it, we try to
figure out you know, was it us,
was it syspro. So again, I would
only think that if we automated
things, we I would my hope,
fingers crossed would be we
would see less of that for sure
because it's not us going in and
clicking around, it's that same
script.
Running.
You know, for each of those
scenarios. So anyway, OK, well
you want to do this last one.
It's a ready to invoice with
money.
So it's ready to invoice. It's
been paid.
So I'm gonna end the note.
Invoice optio syspro printer.
Take payment. It does have to be
up to you. I know you know this
Justin so that it will write to
in files and invoice. e-mail the
customer.
It has to be the Optio special
printer.
Um.
That's another facet to this
project that we can discuss and
we can figure out. OK, continue.
OK. There are deposits on file.
Do you wish to view deposits?
Yes. And again, I always double
check down here and you can
watch this change because it's
undistributed right now, right.
So I'm gonna highlight the
first. Let me pause you. OK. So.
Split ship when do y'all uh,
dispatch split ship items and
then in in this particular
process, if you're trying to
split a deposit, how do you go
about doing that?
Is one of those scenarios that
you're gonna see a little
different? This one's a clear
cut one, but you're correct. So
the terms would be SP if it's a
split chip and and yeah, the AR
terms would be SP and then so if
say if this were one down here,
I'd look at the deposit and say
the invoice total might only be,
you know, 1600 or whatever. So
then I would go up here and
apply 1600.
From the available deposit
deposits and the remaining
amount would stay there for the
back order to ship and you have
to physically like type in the
deposit. You have to override
the deposit amount right?
Because when you click this it
pulls over that full amount and
say go ahead. Yeah so if if this
invoice was only 1600, then I
would click this one and apply
it and that would save it and
that would apply the full amount
and then I'd have to come over
here and click the remaining
balance.
Of the 1600, like when I click
apply, it puts it all in there
and I'd have to take that out
and put the remaining however
much that is to equal the 1600s.
Yeah, you have to put $69 there
for it. So I would I would put
69 and click save and it would
apply it and then it would leave
the remaining deposit on that
order so that when the back
order ships, we have the
remaining deposit to apply. OK.
Thank you. You're welcome.
OK, so I'm gonna make it back,
correct?
And.
I mean later I I need to invoice
later um to do a recording for
Ben.
So that might help you when we
have some more in there that you
know we can actually invoice
different scenarios.
Yeah, Ben's gonna be checking.
Uh, you may know, just saying
that we're running into some
Syspro 8 upgrade for about every
7 to 8 that we invoice out
through dispatch notes is
suddenly kicking us out of the
last one that we've done. And I
think what does it do? And is it
kicking you completely out of
syspro? OK. And then whatever
order we happen to be in that
we're invoicing, sometimes
there's an error on that, like
with the money we're having to
go back.
On some of those in fix, the
money didn't pull over correctly
or whatever. So anyways,
Richard's working with Ben on
that. So she'll have a recording
because she's going to go
through that process and try to
go till it kicks her out so they
can see what the error looks
like. But in that she'll have
quite a few for you to watch how
she's doing. Great. Yeah,
because right now there's
actually no more that we can
actually invoice. Umm, so I'm
sorry about that. I I wasn't
thinking earlier.
So um.
Let's go back to when printing
the invoice. Uh, that specific
printer option you say?
Optio syspro is what it's
called. It's a special printer
that resides in Ellen's office.
And it resides in the know
enough to be dangerous with
that. Oh, you can stop sharing
your screen OK.
It's called Optio printer,
right? Yeah, optios is optio.
Syspro is that what askio.
Syspro.
I think it's a space. Is there a
space or_that's in between those
words? But anyways, yeah.
I can't remember and this
specific printer puts it in in
files and sends an invoice
e-mail to the customer. Yeah, it
has a script I guess that
records it in them files and
also shoots automatically
whatever e-mail addresses in our
AR e-mail. In syspro it shoots
the invoice copy, PDF copy to
the customer.
Through that.
If we try to print it from say,
my brother printer, it won't do
that. It will record it on the
customer's account as a invoice,
but we would have to then go
through like a.
Kind of a reprint process to get
that copy for the customer at
that point and it would not
write it to him files.
So this kind of goes into a
future state that has been
recorded by Stephanie uh. We
want to reduce the amount of
emails that are sent to the
customer, correct? And that.
In my mind would just be a
nightly process to e-mail all
invoices and one e-mail to a
customer.
Is that desired? Correct. I
believe that was correct. That
was part of that scope that
you're saying if say customer
1234 will just make it simple
has 15.
Invoices from today, it would
batch those 15 together. Sheet
one e-mail. Here's your copies,
correct? So you're talking about
individual customers that way.
Right. Uh, yes, yes, that would
be great. There was a concern
there. I remember in our
conversations that was the
initial thing that we talked
about. Yes, let's just send it
once, but then they're shipping,
shipping notification and
invoicing emails. So I think
what we settled on was maybe
doing two to three times a day.
Um, because the customer and you
guys have to correct me if I'm
wrong. Going from memory, the
customers sometimes didn't get
the invoice e-mail but got the
shipping e-mail or vice versa
and yeah, 1/2 positive.
Happening there, I just know
when we receive a customer calls
in and says hey, I haven't
received my e-mail that had my
invoice copy, but they were the
ones that told us I I got the
shipping notification, which was
an e-mail I didn't even know
existed until all this came
about, but they'll receive that
typically. It's like our
licensee, he says I got my
shipping notification but I
didn't get my invoice. Something
gets turned off. I think it's
when we're either testing or
when we've done upgrade where we
have to turn off those automatic
flow throughs that maybe they
just don't get turned back on.
Or maybe something trips in the
network. I'm not sure but it
just seems like it's very random
when it happens. And typically
I'll put a ticket in just say
hey we've got here's a couple of
customers that's called in said
they didn't receive. Can you all
check to make sure we're that
connection still there that
we're sending out or what would
have happened maybe a timeout in
the network or something that
caused it that this particular
customer didn't get that but
yeah and so there's that kind of
going on too that sometimes if.
For whatever reason now it could
have been user error. Though
let's be honest, if some reason
we didn't have the optio printer
selected, that would also not
generate any e-mail to them. So
I typically will look there
first and make sure that I see
evidence of was that the case or
was it maybe something other?
And then I put the ticket in if
it looks like it's a network
thing.
But I'm feeling may have a
little bit more information as
to what specifically when we put
those tickets in May have caused
that on the the backside of
stuff, yeah.
I couldn't tell you. I'm sorry.
Can I share my screen one more
time?
We have, we have one that um ohh
no money. It's no money. Yeah.
So this one right here, that
shipping you UPS and you see
it's just, it's white. There's
no nothing over here um. So that
tells me there's no money on it.
So I open it up to dispatch,
ready to invoice, and I see it's
invoice terms three. So you
know, I know that that's a net
30 customer. That means I'll pay
later. They'll pay in 30 days
hopefully.
So all we have to do on these
with no money is click in
dispatch.
Make sure it's on invoice. Make
sure the document format is the
optio syspro, and I don't see a
dash there, just optio syspro.
OK yeah. And since there's no
money, the next step is simply
to click print.
And it pulls up and tells me
it's gonna print this combo
invoice.
And I click OK.
And then this pops up and this
is basically asking me if I want
to reprint the document and I do
not. So I click cancel and boom,
it's invoiced.
Country ish because I don't know
if I've invoiced a lot since
it's private, does it not still
bring up the other screen after
the optio print where you say?
Payment only. Ohh I think it's a
recap. Does it not show the
little recap screen where it
shows you what is invoicing out?
It doesn't do that anymore.
I just wanna make sure and it
and it's weird about that. It
does look weird because it looks
different than it did before.
It's just that little box now
and you know at first was like
what is that? And then you look
and it's asking you basically do
you want to print it again, it's
just not in the the box shape
that we're used to seeing. So
Jason the only thing different
through the process was if it
has money we we determined it
has money, we do that take
payments.
And apply the payment. Otherwise
it's just a print, print print
kind of deal. It's like 3 clicks
and you're done when it has no
money to apply, so.
Yeah, um.
The invoice y'all I know it's
been noted that not all invoices
are the same. Um y'all have
nothing like it. You just when
printing the invoice, it's just
automatically selected, correct?
It pulls from whatever is on the
sales orders. What's gonna write
to the invoice are we talking
about?
When you say not the same time,
actually look at the invoice or.
I'm sure that's more of a
marketing question.
I think somewhere though I don't
know if we have a third party
that or or if it somehow puts
this on there. But marketing
provides the logo that goes on
each of these and according to
the branch specific there's a
different logo that goes on the
invoice. So that changes the
look of things also depending on
their terms, how they pay,
whether they are prepaid
customer with that money on the
order or their customer that
gets terms through a bank and
pays later or whatever.
The what is it the the terms are
not admit to address can be
different as well. So like if
they're paying us directly the
remit to address the summer
Classics PO Box or or our
physical address here. If it's a
factor bank, it's going to say
something like Rosenthal and
Rosenthal SE and have their
remittance address on it. So
that changes between invoices.
Does that make sense? It's
always giving them the
instruction of how to pay.
And the logo changes.
That sort of thing though, so
that's typically if you're
looking at invoice, it's going
to be in the header level or the
foot level of the invoice, but
the middle sections typically
stay those columns and those
boxes are about the same I think
between each one.
And.
Just to clarify, Syspro prints
that.
Templated invoice out on its
own.
It has a template built in
somewhere and when David Lang
was here, he was the kind of our
go to for making changes or at
any syspro questions just about
and.
I believe he was the one I
always went to to say, hey, this
remit to address needs to
change. Like right now we have
Wells Fargo for instance has
changed their lock box
information aware customers send
checks directly to our our bank
for them to deposit. So I need
to right now, I need to make
sure that that has also changed
on our invoices and I had always
gone to David Lang and beyond
will know what that means then
and he would get that changed
for us and that's where my
knowledge of it ended.
But Umm, but I think the logos
the same way. There's a way to
correct the logo because like
summer classics I'm sure we're
going to want our updated logo
for yet that marketing has just
rolled out and or you know and
then I was telling Stephanie and
I kind of showed her some
examples that we where our
licensees went from say A 200 to
20 branch specific to now they
are their own branch 250 we put
we.
The company somehow got a logo
on their invoices, but woo, it's
skewed and looks kind of funky.
So we want to get that corrected
so it looks, you know, neat. So
that kind of stuff. So there's a
way to change that and that
might be a bin question too
because I have or or Richard may
know too since he's kind of
assist pro.
I'll be getting with both of
them. Perfect. Yeah. So we just
want to make sure all that's
updated and correct and I'd be
happy to review.
The information, if I can get
examples of each one of those, I
can tell you if that's still
correct or not, you know, for
that specific invoice type.
OK.
Um.
Let's see, we only have 4
minutes left. Is there anything
else y'all wanna talk through or
that hasn't been?
Shown.
No, I mean are you familiar with
the what the what they had
already set up in?
Document Print, which is a
module in syspro that we use to
invoice out the SAT's right now.
I have. I have no clue what. OK,
I don't know if it would be
helpful to you guys or not, but
that was kind of.
Again, Ben, my answer this
question, he might be like, no,
Carla's going down the wrong
path here. But I was thinking if
we do dispatching, it's probably
going to end up going through
that kind of same process that
those do because we we just
click through a whole different
module. It's called document
print. They have coded a tool in
there for the SET the 100 dash
orders that we need to invoice
out. So Ellen goes in and it's
just a couple of clicks and
everything. That's 100. Dash
will and it.
Meets the status 7 for ready to
go well in one swoop invoice
out. So I don't know if they
were thinking or you would be
using that kind of model for
talking about dispatch.
Whatever I'm trying to say, you
need some more spark and or
coffee this morning. I'm gonna
share my screen so you can see
what she's talking about,
Justin. So thank you. I I am.
I have you know my favorites
because we use this a lot. So
document print and up here in
the document type we would go to
dispatch note SCT transfer and
this is built for us and yeah
and so this is where we we
invoice those. We can invoice
them through the system as they
are one by one. But if you come
in here you can do them all in
one batch one you know couple of
clicks. But I wanted to show you
this because like Carla said she
don't know if you'll be able to
use this or not.
But in the document type it does
have invoice in there.
You know, along with all these
other different things. So I
don't know. Yeah, that's yeah,
that's what I'm thinking too.
Well, the only bad thing about
that though tells me that you
have to define a range or single
or something where unless you
can pull that in from that
information in, if you do an all
or your range, it's going to try
to invoice out everything
whether it has money or not. So
you wouldn't be able to fund
without that other screen. What?
We'd have to come down. Well,
that would be a invoice to
reprint. We wouldn't be
reprinting them. Um.
Yeah, I guess that's where I
maybe all this other stuff comes
into play. I don't know. But
that's why I leave it to the
experts. Yeah. Yeah. Because
I'll let y'all figure that part
out. Justin has fun with this
stuff. He loves it. Don't you
just love it? Yeah.
Yeah, well, my God too. But
yeah, I don't have the knowledge
that you have, so there you go.
Voices is in there, so that
could be an option. Like she
said, we don't know. But you
know something, I'll get with
Ben and see what this document
print does on the back end.
Be very familiar with the SAT's
and because I'm sure he was part
of that coding, if not the one
that did it. Bless him. I hate
that we always like ask Ben
Askin.
The one who knows it all,
though.
Or go like on a cruise and
decide to stay in the Bahamas
forever because we'll be like,
what?
One that's been here as long as
been or maybe longer than Ben is
Jeff Fagan. Yeah. So Ben.
Historical and syspro so.
Um, yeah. So we're all willing
to help with anything. Just let
us know if there's something you
know.
So uh.
Just to go over some items, um.
Y'all will give me some process
documents and then uh.
Trish, if you don't mind sending
me a copy of your um.
Invoicing video that you're
doing with Ben. So what I'll do
is help. I had to confirm with
Ben like how to even do that. So
I did do that earlier Carla,
when I emailed him. So what he
told me to do, he said to
schedule a teams meeting and
schedule it with him and
Richard. So I can just add you
as well Justin. And he said they
won't join, but after I start
the meeting and hit record he
said once I'm done then they'll
have access to it.
Process documents, the video I
can get with you on the
invoices, Justin, and I'll give
you a list of those terms of
what's money, not money. Top
terms.
Yeah. And then I'll get back
with y'all about the marketing
orders.
So OK.
Um.
With additional questions and
things, once you're kind of able
to like what we can and can't
do, if there's some sort of
setting that's preventing the
marketing orders to be to flow
through dispatch note so that
the whole ticket transfer to
y'all is.
Outdated. Yeah, yeah. Um.
So I found my invoice in notes.
Yeah, we'll get them too,
because we need to review those
trash and make sure that they're
clear as mud for Justin. Yeah,
yeah, they're basic.
OK. Thank you so much. Yeah,
thank you so much. So once you
get all that information sent
out and everybody has a chance
to review it, if we need to then
have another meeting to go over
just and get all your questions
and and go from there. Just let
me know we can definitely get it
scheduled.
Sounds great. Thank you,
everybody. Thank you. Thank you.
Yeah, sure do. Bye, bye, bye,
bye.